Reflection and Synthesis document

We learned that we need to create larger and more explanatory class diagrams. We plan on researching class diagrams to make our next ones better. In the future we will focus on a longer class diagram. This will allow readers to make more sense of the flow in our project. We will also go and talk to Oliver about different encryption methods. This will provide us with a very informative session, as we could not get all of our questions answered in a short discussion. We also realized that our project currently has a few different parts that need to be joined together more concisely. We are going to try to adjust our project so that all of its parts are necessary and strongly connected. We also want to make sure that we are using a lot of python going forwards. We want to make sure that our project is heavily based upon coding that we do. 


The review went well. We were able to present a lot of our information to our audience and get a lot of information back. We had a lot of technical information that we needed to talk about due to the nature of our product, but Amon and the ninja understood that information and were able to help us. Our key questions were mostly answered. As far as choosing an encryption method goes, Amon informed us about encryption methods and told us to talk more to Oliver, which will help us choose an encryption method to implement. We also received more information about how encryption works in real life, and what files we need to protect which was very useful. The balance of context was difficult for our project. The majority of our questions were very technically based, so we had to dive into some technical knowledge that other group members probably did not know about. We probably lost them for a little bit, but it was necessary to do so to get help from Amon. Otherwise I think we provided a reasonable amount of context. We stuck pretty closely to our planned agenda. The discussions we had were in the general categories that our agenda listed and even followed the agenda in a lot of places. We are going to plan our technical review more in advance so that we can include more images, diagrams, and questions for our audience. We will also do research on class diagrams so that our next ones are more effective and useful.

